Add coroutines variables (#2928)
Codecademy/docs: content/lua/concepts/coroutines/coroutines.md

---
Title: 'Coroutines' # Required; the file name should be the same as the title, but lowercase, with dashes instead of spaces, and all punctuation removed

> Description: 'Coroutines allow the execution of multiple tasks at the same time without yielding by using separate threads.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Coroutines are functions that can be paused and restarted as needed.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)
```

Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-lua'
---

> **Coroutines** allow the execution of multiple tasks at the same time without yielding by using separate threads.

Reviewer: I think this sounds like multi-threading, which isn't really what coroutines are. From what I've read, they allow for concurrency not parallelism. I think this definition should be rephrased a bit to be closer to the description suggested above.

> 

Reviewer: We should have a syntax section here showing the general format of a coroutine

## Coroutine States

> Coroutines act as normal threads with the exception of being controlled by the main thread it was created within. A coroutine can enter one of three states: suspended, running, or dead. This is what makes them useful, as they are essentially functions that can be paused and resumed at a later point. The status of a coroutine can be checked with the status function and resumed it using the resume function. Once a coroutine is in a dead state, it cannot be resumed again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A coroutine can enter one of three states: suspended, running, or dead. This is what makes them useful, as they are essentially functions that can be paused and resumed at a later point. The status of a coroutine can be checked with the `status()` function and resumed using the `resume()` function. Once a coroutine is in a dead state, it cannot be resumed again.
```

---
Title: 'Coroutines' # Required; the file name should be the same as the title, but lowercase, with dashes instead of spaces, and all punctuation removed

> Description: 'A coroutine is a line of execution, with its own stack, its own variables, and its own instruction pointer; but sharing global variables and mostly anything else with other coroutines in a collaborative manner.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Coroutines allow the execution of multiple tasks at the same time without yielding by using separate threads.' # Required; ideally under 150 characters and starts with a noun (used in search engine results and content previews)
```

Angel added this suggestion to the PR before, I think its a good suggestion.

Subjects: # Please only use Subjects in the subjects.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Subject and add it to subjects.md in your PR!
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: # Please only use Tags in the tags.md file (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md). If that list feels insufficient, feel free to create a new Tag and add it to tags.md in your PR!
CatalogContent: # Please use course/path landing page slugs, rather than linking to individual content items. If listing multiple items, please put the most relevant one first
  - 'learn-lua'
---

> A **coroutine** is a line of execution, with its own stack, its own variables, and its own instruction pointer; but sharing global variables and mostly anything else with other coroutines in a collaborative manner. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Coroutines** allow the execution of multiple tasks at the same time without yielding by using separate threads.
```

Suggesting here as well.

## Understanding Coroutines

> A coroutine can be in one of three different states: suspended, running, or dead. This is what makes them useful, as they are essentially functions that can be paused and resumed at a later point. You can check the status of a coroutine with the status function, and resume it using the resume function. Once a coroutine is in a dead state, it cannot be resumed again, and will instead return a false and an error message when the status is checked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Coroutines act as normal threads with the exception of being controlled by the main thread it was created within. A coroutine can enter one of three states: suspended, running, or dead. This is what makes them useful, as they are essentially functions that can be paused and resumed at a later point. The status of a coroutine can be checked with the status function and resumed it using the resume function. Once a coroutine is in a dead state, it cannot be resumed again.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, include in handoff document that this likely will need a codeblock example, or include one now if you can come up with one quickly.

## When Should Coroutines Be Used?

Coroutines are ideal when sent data needs to be matched with received data. For example, if a process needs to be run in an infinite loop thread, you can use `coroutine.yield()` to run the process, and wait for the process to resume the thread when it’s ready.

> ## Functions In Coroutines

Reviewer 2: @Jay01711 these would likely be better suited as terms. Thats out of scope for the internship but be sure to include that in the handoff document.

Reviewer: I agree that the functions below should be deleted, and they can be added to a terms folder later. We can leave the functions header and perhaps add a sentence below it similar to:
"The following functions are used to create and manage coroutines in Lua programs:"
